1. MacBook-Air:assignment2 RyanAbell$ git commit -a
[master 4ef0de4] Update README.md
 Committer: Ryan Abell <RyanAbell@MacBook-Air.local>
Your name and email address were configured automatically based
on your username and hostname. Please check that they are accurate.
You can suppress this message by setting them explicitly:

    git config --global user.name "Your Name"
    git config --global user.email you@example.com

After doing this, you may fix the identity used for this commit with:

    git commit --amend --reset-author

 1 file changed, 2 insertions(+)



2. 9 commits total
   git command used: git shortlog --pretty=oneline


3. README.md last modified: Thu Oct 1 22:52:18 2020
   git command used: git log ./README.md


4. Two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository are: branches allow you to work without messing with the master, and because branches in Git are just pointers to a specific commit, branching is fast & cheap.


5. Git log shows a history (commits), while git status shows the status of the working directory (including uncommitted changes).


6. git log --follow ./Vehicle.h


7. git log --grep="file"


8. Inheritance is a concept of object-oriented programming where classes can contain subclasses. Child classes (subclasses) can inherit
   data members and member functions from parent classes. Polymorphism gives child classes then ability to change member functions
   inherited from parent classes. Encapsulation is used to hide class data from access outside of the class. Data can be 
   accessed/modified via public member functions.


9. Both the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow and the Integration Manager workflow are distributed workflows, however there is a major
   major difference between them. In the Integration Manager workflow, developers pull from the central repository and push to their
   own public repository. Then, the Integration Manager performs conflict resolution and pushes to the central repository. In the
   Dictator and Lieutenants workflow, developers pull from the central repository and push to their dedicated Lieutenant's repository.
   The Lieutenants merge commits from developers and push to the Dictator's repository. The Dictator then performs conflict resolution
   and pushes to the central repository.


10. A team of 100 developers would benefit from following the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow instead of the Centralized workflow
    because if following the Centralized workflow, all 100 developers would have to pull any changes in the central repository and
    resolve conflicts before pushing to the central repository. In the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow, developers push to their
    Lieutenant's repository, who then pushes to to the Dictator's repository, who then pushes to the central repository. Less conflict
    resolution is performed by fewer people.





